# Lists Folder

This read me file serves as a guide to files found in this folder, if/how they are generated, and how to use them.

## CSV Files

### c_repos_to_nvd.csv

This file contains a mapping of GitHub repository titles to official vendor and product names used in the CVE database. This is necessary because sometimes there are multiple vendor or product names that refer to the same GitHub source code repo, or because the official vendor/product is not the same as the creator/repository title GitHub uses.
#### Generation information
This file was handmade and there is not currently any code in mega-foss that can generate it. As mentioned, official CVE vendor and product information is difficult to map, likely due to inconsistencies in reporting style that have accumulated over time.
#### Usage
This file is used in our code to process CVEs and map them to the correct repository via their vendor and product tags. See `src/cve/mg_analysis.py` and `src/output/gen_real_nvd_missing.py`.

### rust_csv_data.csv

This file maps CWEs to voting data on whether these CWEs are preventable by the Rust language.
#### Generation information
This file is not generated by code in mega-foss.
#### Usage
This file is used for analysis of CVEs and Rust prevention. See `src/cve/mg_analysis.py`.

### rust_to_cwe.csv

This file maps CWEs to Rust preventability data in a more detailed manner than `rust_csv_data.csv`.
#### Generation information
Can be regenerated using `src/cve/download_rust_cve_sheet.py`, which downloads the data from [this Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JGei0TlPjIJVO8E0t_MqQcXFFn-qcEISHLBGJGBJfmQ).
#### Usage
Not currently in use by code in mega-foss, but may be useful to related projects.

## TXT Files

### c_repos.txt

This file is a list of popular GitHub repositories that contain a significant amount of code in the C language.
#### Generation information
This file not currently generated by code in mega-foss.
#### Usage
This file is used to list repositories that contain C code, used for our Rust vulnerability prevention study. It can also be used to automatically clone these repos, as shown in `src/github/clone_repos.py`.

### most_common_cwe_by_category.txt

A formatted file of CWEs and the amount of CVEs studied that map to them, listed by Rust preventability category.
#### Generation information
Formatted from outputs of `src/cve/mg_analysis.py`.
#### Usage
This file is an endpoint file and is not used by code, only as a display of results.

### repo_list.txt

A list of popular GitHub repositories.
#### Generation information
This file is not currently generated by any code in mega-foss.
#### Usage
This file is no longer in use because useful data from it has been moved to other files.

### test_repo.txt

This is a single sanity check repository.
#### Generation information
This file is not generated by code in mega-foss.
#### Usage
Available as a sanity check for repository-downloading scripts.

## JSON Files

### nvdcve_cve_map.json

This file is a downloaded set of CVEs from the nvdcve collection.
#### Generation information
Downloaded from [this repository](https://github.com/olbat/nvdcve) and processed through MongoDB using `src/pipelines/mongo-cve-full-map.py`.
#### Usage
This represents a list of relevant CVEs to our projects, and is used as the source of CVE data.

### nvdcve-github-patches.json

This file is a set of CVEs matched to patch commits.
#### Generation information
Downloaded from [this repository](https://github.com/olbat/nvdcve) and processed through MongoDB using `src/pipelines/mongo-nvdcve.py`.
#### Usage
Used in tasks relating CVEs to patches.

## Markdown Files

### cwes-per-category.md

This file shows CWEs listed by Rust preventability category, as well as links to their descriptions.
#### Generation information
This file was handmade, compiled from Rust preventability results matched to descriptions.
#### Usage
This file is an endpoint file, used to display results.